Handle deletion of uncommitted news fragments (#357)
twisted/towncrier: src/towncrier/newsfragments/357.feature.rst

> Handle deletion of uncommitted news fragments

Reviewer: Maybe something like this.

```suggestion
It can now handle news fragments which are not part of the git repository. For example uncommited or unstagged files.
```

> It can now handle news fragments which are not part of the git repository. For example uncommited or unstagged files.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
``towncrier build`` now handles removing news fragments which are not part of the git repository. For example, uncommitted or unstaged files.
```
